The 5th Washing dye
Despite crowd inhibition,IX worksheet provided good examples of the operation.
The ArmyCR hit against file and-pipe of a Hand in boots.
This fourth-rate
It seems that the enemy is moving well.
On the right.
Yes, I think so.
Oh, yes, that's it.
That's the enemy's...
The enemy's...
The enemy's front line.
It seems that the enemy is moving well.
What is the position of the enemy's main force?
Yes.
That's it.
I've just arrived.
The main force is...
It's over there.
Oh, yes, yes.
Can you see the enemy's front line?
That's it.
Is that the enemy's tank?
Yes, that's it.
On the left.
The tank.
Oh, look.
There.
That's the tank.
It's moving well.
It's been 45 minutes.
45 minutes?
It seems that the enemy has already entered the front line.
ончar.
How is it?
No.
What are the words of the architecture west idol?
It is amazing.
It's really amazing.
Next to.
magical suffering painting
performance
Add it to the
No.
Anyway, today's attack is very difficult,
actually, disaster is trying to burn it up with ai train,
evil It cavemen make out.
families are completely trapped
Let's forget the disasters
just head to the economic urban properly
Calm down.
We should take cover to Sumida.
ray conscript and atmosphere above,
Is my son ok?
No, rest assured
soon Prince Stopoy will come up
to Vol INTAT and reaction.
Well, the man who I am cheering is
You'll paint?
38thème
OK
To Dick and Chilly
Air rec Wert
Then, please do it.
I have a request.
I will do this.
The military force will send a third battalion to the left wing.
The third battalion will send a third battalion to the left wing.
How about that?
That's good.
Then, please do it.
I will do this.